{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1671\cocoasubrtf600
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww14360\viewh16260\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\fs36 \cf0 This app is a prototype that follows the example in the images but is not a fully functional app. I don\'92t know if this is something I would give to a client as I think there is a better, cleaner way to do it. If this were a client project I would keep redoing it until it was right, but the parameters of this test say don\'92t take too much time and I already spent a good 6-7 hours on this.\
\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 When I began this project I had never coded in straight javascript before. By the time I was finished I had learned enough that I would do it differently next time. \
\
Next time, I would want to create a class for Contact and instantiate contact objects in the js file, or better yet a database, and dynamically insert the contacts into the HTML with JS. This is a little above my skill level now, but I think it\'92s the right way to to do it in the real world.\
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\cf0 \
The main difference between the images and the app I built is that the default emails and phones are not visible when a  contact tab is expanded. I realized this was an issue late in the process and didn\'92t think it took away from how an app like this would need to function. \
\
Another weird thing or possible feature is that two contacts can be expanded at a time. This is useful in certain cases when two contacts need to be compared but can break the design if too many contacts are open at the same time.\
\
\
Overall I had fun completing this project and learned a crap ton about JS in a short amount of time. Turns out I really like JS and love the freedom it provides when it comes to manipulating the dom. It\'92s very similar to Python in a lot of ways as far as the syntax goes which makes it possible for me to hack things together despite never reading this code before.}